Now that we know that we need to take the user's credit card information and turn that into a payment
token with Stripe, well, what do we do?
What do we do, Mo?
How do we go about this?
Do we use the straight documentation?
And yes, you could utilize this stripe documentation to go through this entire.
But I've gone through the liberty of tailoring and picking this amazing package for you.
And it's called Stripe Client.
It's a react native stripe wrapper that you put in your Riak native, and it allows you to collect credit
card information and convert it into a strip token with a single line of JavaScript, as well as banking
information, personal information.
And we'll be using it for the credit card information.
Now, Stripe only allows the exchange of card information in the front end.
This does not verify the payment information, just checks that it looks reasonable, etc. So like credit
card, expiration date and all this stuff.
So so we're only doing one aspect of a payment for which is the credit card flow.
There are many different flows inside of Stripe that you could you could do you could do a bank payment
flow.
You could do all of these different things.
Now, as they're saying, you should only embed your stripe publishable in the front end application.
And this is what I told you when we went in.
We looked at Stripe.
Only your publishable key should ever be available in your act.
And this library works with that publishable token.
So what we're going to do is we're going to add this stripe client to our code and then we're going
to look at how exactly we can create a token and we're going to utilize this flow step by step and like
any other feature we've built so far.
You know, we're layering it like a cake.
Delicious chocolate cake of payments because we're going to be making money anyways, that said, what
we need to do here is we need to install this library and then look at the basic implementation.
Now, if we go over to our visual studio code and we open up our terminal here, we want to add the
stripe client.
And this is going to install the stripe client in our project and enable us to basically start our baseline
integration in terms of getting and implementing the very, very first part of getting the straight
payment token from the credit card information.
So the very first step in our payment for which is crucial because without that information, we really
can't process any payments.
And if we go back over here and we look at the example usage, we can see that creating a credit card
token is going to look a little something like this.
Right.
We have this baseline implementation that we could utilize to kind of hack together are our token.
And so we'll be doing something along these lines.
Now that it's installed, we can go ahead and look at what steps we need to take in order to get a straight
talk.